A trading strategy is a set of steps and
rules that help you decide what stocks to buy or sell,
when to perform these trades and how much money to invest in them.
Designing a successful training strategy that reliably generates profits for
you while minimizing the risk of losing money is indeed a complex task,
but it starts with looking for signals that might
hold a clue about the future performance of stocks.
You might be wondering,
where do we find such signals?
Is there a book that I can read? Well, yes.
There are some ideas that have led to good strategies,
but if an idea becomes popular,
chances are, everyone will try to exploit it.
In order to have a competitive advantage over other traders,
you should try and come up with your own ideas or variations.
Your idea could be something simple.
For example, retail stocks rise during
the holiday shopping season or something more complicated,
like oil stocks that deviate from
the oil sector index beyond a certain threshold are bound to fall back.
Whatever your idea might be,
it is important to treat it as a hypothesis
and test it against data to see if it holds up.
This will allow you to build a strong foundation for your trading strategy.